Third Form...
Blazing Universe!
UPPER THREE
Fourth Form...
Blooming Flame Undulation!
Destructive Death...
Fifth Form...
Flame Tiger!
Disorder!
Kyojuro!
Did he do it? Did he win?
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
MUGEN TRAIN ARC
EPISODE 7:
SET YOUR HEART ABLAZE
Don't die on me, Kyojuro.
Rengoku...
Rengoku!
Even if you fight to the death,
you can't win, Kyojuro.
Those impressive slashes you inflicted on me
have already healed completely.
But what about you?
A smashed left eye, shattered ribs
and damaged internal organs...
All irreparable.
If you were a demon,
you'd heal in the blink of an eye.
Those would be mere scratches
for a demon.
You can struggle all you want,
but a human can never beat a demon.
I want to go help him!
But there's no strength in my arms or legs.
It's partly because of my injury,
but this always happens after I use
the Hinokami Kagura technique!
Kyojuro, why...
I...
I will fulfill my duty!
I will not allow anyone here to die!
I'll damage his body
as much as I can in an instant!
Flame Breathing...
Esoteric Art!
What a tremendous fighting spirit!
Amazing aura despite all those injuries!
That mental strength!
That airtight stance!
You have to become a demon,
after all, Kyojuro!
Let's fight each other for all eternity!
Set your heart ablaze.
Go beyond your limits!
I'm the Flame Hashira...
Kyojuro Rengoku!
Ninth Form...
Rengoku!
Destructive Death...
Annihilation Type!
Rengoku!
I see hi—
Ren...
goku...
You'll die! This will kill you, Kyojuro!
Become a demon!
Say that you'll become a demon!
You are...
strong and one of the chosen ones!
Kyojuro...
Yes, Mother?
I want you to think hard...
about what I'm about to ask you.
Do you know why you were born
stronger than others?
I don't know!
So that you can save weaker people.
Those who were born
blessed with more gifts than others
are obligated to use those gifts
for the world and other people.
You must never use that God-given strength
to hurt others or for personal gain.
It is the duty of those born strong
to help the weak.
It is a mission they must fulfill responsibly.
Make sure you never forget that.
I won't!
I don't have much more time to live.
I was blessed to be the mother
of such a strong and gentle child.
I will entrust everything to you.
Mother...
It was an honor for me
to have been born to such a person as you!
He stopped it?
What unbelievable strength!
I've pierced through his solar plexus
with my right arm!
Damn!
It'll be daybreak soon!
I have to kill him and get out of here!
I can't...
pull my arm out!
I won't let you escape!
No matter what Rengoku says...
I have to...
do it right now!
I have to slice off the demon's head!
Quickly!
The sun's coming up!
There'll be sunlight here!
I have to get away!
No way am I ever letting go!
Not until I chop off your head!
Out of my way!
Move, Inosuke!
Move your body for Rengoku's sake!
Beast Breathing, Fang One...
Pierce!
I have to find refuge from the sunlight!
That took too long!
I have to get away from the sun!
Don't run away!
Don't run away, you coward!
What the hell is that brat talking about?
Doesn't he have a brain in his head?
I'm not running away from you!
I'm running away from the sun!
And besides,
the battle's already been decided!
He'll run out of strength and die soon!
The Demon Slayer Corps...
is always fighting you demons in the dark
of the night where you have the advantage!
That's right, us flesh and blood humans!
Our wounds don't close up that easily!
And we cannot regenerate a limb once lost!
Don't run away, you bastard!
You bastard! You coward!
Rengoku is way more amazing than you!
He's stronger!
Rengoku didn't lose!
He didn't let anybody die!
He fought to the end!
He protected them to the end!
You're the one who lost!
It's Rengoku who won!
Stop yelling already.
You'll reopen that stomach wound.
You're badly injured, too, remember?
If you die, young Kamado,
it'll mean I'm the loser.
Rengoku...
Come over here.
Let's talk a bit, one last time.
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
MUGEN TRAIN ARC
MUGEN
There's something that I remembered...
while I was dreaming.
You should go to my parents' home,
the Rengoku residence.
There should be some notes there
left by the preceding Flame Hashira.
My father read them often,
but since I never did,
I don't know what's in them.
There might be some kind of record
of that Hinokami Kagura you mentioned.
R-Rengoku, please don't talk any more.
Please stop the bleeding
with a breathing technique!
Isn't there a way
to close up your wounds?
No.
I'll be dead soon.
I'm going to tell you all I can
while I can still talk, so listen, will you?
Tell my little brother Senjuro...
to follow his heart...
and to walk down the path
that he feels is right.
Tell my father...
that I want him to take care of himself.
One more thing.
Young Kamado...
I believe in your little sister.
I accept her as a member
of the Demon Slayer Corps.
I saw her bleeding as she protected
the humans inside the train.
Anyone who risks their lives
fighting demons to protect humans...
is a rightful member of the Demon Slayer Corps
no matter what anyone else says.
Go ahead and live with your head held high!
No matter how devastated you may be
by your own weakness or uselessness...
set your heart ablaze.
Grit your teeth
and look straight ahead.
Even if you stop and crouch down,
time won't wait for you...
or snuggle you and grieve along with you.
Don't feel bad
that I'm going to die here.
As a Hashira,
of course I would shield my juniors.
Any other Hashira
would've done the same thing.
We never let the young buds get nipped.
Young Kamado...
Boar Head Boy...
Yellow Boy...
Keep learning and grow.
And then,
become the next Hashira
supporting the Demon Slayer Corps.
I believe in you.
I believe in you all.
Mother...
Do you think I did it right?
Did I carry out what I had to do...
and my duties?
You made me proud.
When the train went off the rails,
Rengoku had unleashed
all these techniques.
He must've kept the damage
to the cars to a minimum.
I guess he did.
I can't believe he's gone.
I mean, did an Upper Rank demon
really show up?
Yeah.
Why would an Upper Rank come here?
Was it that strong? I mean...
Yeah.
I'm so frustrated!
As soon as I master one thing,
I find another thick wall right in front of me...
while more powerful people
are fighting far beyond it.
I just can't make it there yet!
If I'm still stumbling around
in a place like this, can I...
Can I...
ever become like Rengoku?
Stop whining already!
Stop saying dumbass things
like, "Can I or can't I be like him?"
He said he believes in you, so just think
about how you're going to measure up to that!
All living things just go back
to the earth when they die!
Sobbing or sniveling
won't bring them back!
Don't cry even if you have regrets!
No matter how pathetic
or humiliated you feel,
you still have to go on living!
But you're crying, too.
There are tears flooding out
from that headpiece.
I'm not crying!
Get over here!
We're gonna train!
Is that so...
Rengoku...
So, even Rengoku couldn't beat
an Upper Rank demon?
I don't believe it.
Namu Amida Butsu.
I'll exterminate those repulsive demons!
I see.
So, not one of the 200 passengers
lost their lives?
Kyojuro did a great job, then.
What a remarkable child.
I'm not sad.
I don't have much longer to live, either.
Soon, I'll be joining
Kyojuro and the others
in the land of the dead.
Rengoku...
Rengoku!